d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Cricket.dll.config
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Cricket.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Cricket.pdb
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.dll
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.pdb
d:\users\sikohli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Data.Linq.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Cricket.dll.config
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Cricket.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Cricket.pdb
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Data.Linq.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.dll
D:\My_Notes\Visual_Codes\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.pdb
